Add note about collection expressions. (#40864)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/arrays.md

:::code language="csharp" source="./snippets/shared/Arrays.cs" id="DeclareArrays":::

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Many of the examples in this article use [collection expressions](../operators/collection-expressions.md) to initialize the arrays. Collection expressions were first introduced in C# 12, which shipped with .NET 8. If you can't use C# 12 yet, you'll need to use `{` and `}` to initialize the arrays:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Many of the examples in this article use [collection expressions](../operators/collection-expressions.md) (which use square brackets) to initialize the arrays. Collection expressions were first introduced in C# 12, which shipped with .NET 8. If you can't use C# 12 yet, use `{` and `}` to initialize the arrays instead.
```
